Improve clarity on freshness checks for views (#9844)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/state-aware-setup.md

    from {{ this }}
    where ingested_at >= current_timestamp - interval '3 days'
  ```

> - If a source is a view in the data warehouse, the available metadata is usually insufficient to discern freshness, and dbt will emit a warning during freshness checks. To determine freshness for sources that are views, add a `loaded_at_field` or `loaded_at_query` to your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a source is a view in the data warehouse, the available metadata is usually insufficient to discern freshness, and dbt emits a warning during freshness checks. To determine freshness for sources that are views, add a `loaded_at_field` or `loaded_at_query` to your configuration.
```

    from {{ this }}
    where ingested_at >= current_timestamp - interval '3 days'
  ```
- If a source is a view in the data warehouse, the available metadata is usually insufficient to discern freshness and dbt will emit a warning during freshness checks.

> To determine fresheness for sources that are views, add a `loaded_at_field` or `loaded_at_query` to your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine freshness for sources that are views, add a `loaded_at_field` or `loaded_at_query` to your configuration.
```
